3421: quantum-limited amplification of cavity optomechanics without resolved sideband condition . we propose a scheme to realize the phase-preserving amplification without the restriction of resolved sideband condition . as a result , our gain-bandwidth product is about one magnitude larger than the existing proposals . in our model , an additional cavity is coupled to the cavity-optomechanical system . therefore our operating frequency is continuously tunable via adjusting the coupling coefficient of the two cavities .
34788: smeared antibranes polarise in ads . in the recent literature it has been questioned whether the local backreaction of antibranes in flux throats can induce a perturbative brane-flux decay . most evidence for this can be gathered for d6 branes and dp branes smeared over 6-p compact directions , in line with the absence of finite temperature solutions for these cases . the solutions in the literature have flat worldvolume geometries and non-compact transversal spaces . in this paper we consider what happens when the worldvolume is ads and the transversal space is compact . we show that in these circumstances brane polarisation smoothens out the flux singularity , which is an indication that brane-flux decay is prevented . this is consistent with the fact that the cosmological constant would be less negative after brane-flux decay . our results extend recent results on ads_7 solutions from d6 branes to ads_ ( p+1 ) solutions from dp branes . we show that supersymmetry of the ads solutions depend on p non-trivially .
149: the title . blabla bla .
517: programming python .
516: phase-modulated binomial rf pulses for fast spectrally-selective musculoskeletal imaging . two fat-suppressed three-dimensional gradient echo pulse sequences , flash and dess ( double echo in steady-state ) , that have significantly reduced scan time compared with conventional chemical shift fat-suppression sequences are presented . this fat-suppression technique is based on selectively exciting water spins using a time-optimized binomial rf pulse pair at the water resonance frequency with a null in the excitation profile at the fat frequency . to minimize the total pulse length , the delay between the binomial components of the rf pulse is decreased from a standard jump-return implementation . to maintain the proper null frequency , the phase of the second rf pulse is shifted such that it returns the fat resonance back to its initial z position while further tipping the water spins . nonselective phase-modulated rf pulse pairs can be implemented in 1.20 ms at 1.0 t , significantly reducing the minimum tr .
23297: patterns in numbers and infinite sums and products . in this article we propose a general method of obtaining infinite sums of products with functions that count patterns in numbers .
222: about the geometry of asymmetric fiber orientation distributions .
152: offline : what is medicine 's 5 sigma ?
223: fiber orientation-dependent white matter contrast in gradient echo mri .
224: hippocampal replay in the awake state : a potential substrate for memory consolidation and retrieval .
